# 4. Course Sprints & Upgrades

During and after each run of the course, the following needs to happen:

* A. **Gather** course feedback across multiple channels
* B. **Analyze** feedback thoughtfully and propose improvements
* C. **Improve** on course structure, policies and curriculum

#### A. Gather course feedback across multiple channels <a id="A-Gather-course-feedback-across-multiple-channels"></a>

We should aggregate five sources of data to best understand how to improve our courses:

* TPM reported issues \(Emailed or call\)
* Student reported issues \(Emailed or call\)
* Withdrawal Notes \(What are the reasons given on the withdrawal form\)
* Mid-point and final surveys \(What are the reasons given in feedback surveys\)
* Submission funnel \(Where did the submissions from students drop off most and why\)

#### B. Analyze feedback thoughtfully and propose improvements <a id="B-Analyze-feedback-thoughtfully-and-propose-improvements"></a>

We then need to look at this aggregated data for patterns and commonalities to understand how to impactfully improve our courses. Notably:

* _How do we build better social capital with students?_ How can we improve our communication of our core values, our mission, and find ways to scalably communicate to students with a focus on inspiration and motivations for sticking through our courses, even when they get difficult.
* _How do we improve eligibility requirements?_ No course works for everyone, how do we either improve the requirements to enroll, or adapt the course to better serve all students admitted.
* _How do improve pacing?_ Do our courses require too much time from students in a given week? How can we tweak the curriculum to find the right pacing for students.
* _How do we improve sessions?_ How can we make sessions a better experience for students. Do we need to improve TechFellow training? Do we need to adjust the session schedule, or re-tune some of the content within the sessions \(i.e labs, etc\)? Do we need better slides given to TechFellows?
* _How do we improve curriculum?_ How can we make the curriculum more resilient and self-contained. Do we need updated/better video walkthroughs for projects? Do we need additional videos recorded to reduce confusion?

Once we identify the specific points of action of what to improve based on feedback, we need to identify a staffing plan for making these improvements happen.

#### C. Improve on course structure, policies and curriculum <a id="C-Improve-on-course-structure-policies-and-curriculum"></a>

Based on analyzing and answering the questions above, we then need to:

* Put together a scope of work for the curriculum iteration
* Contract with domain experts or others to improve the course
* Track the progress until a reasonable iteration of the materials has been achieved
* As needed, coordinate with beta testers to audit any substantially new content

Now the course is ready for the next run! Rinse and repeat.

